Hi! I'm a student who landed an IB offer a while ago, and below you'll find my personal thoughts on how to network well and make the best of the tool I created.

Keep in mind that everyone, including those you are networking with, will have their own 'best practices' in mind, and you have to accept that you won't get it right 100% of the time
So keep learning and adapting with your personal style as you network more.

First of all, introductions matter. 
They should be simple, with proper salutations, and get straight to the point. 
Generally, if you're sending a message to anyone over the associate level, address them by last name (Mr. , Ms. , etc...)
For anyone associate or below, first name is fine. 
ColdCraft will try to do this for you automatically, but it is important to double-check before sending, as a matter of respect. This can damage your response rates.

Second, your introduction should indicate a clear purpose, people in IB aren't stupid, they know what you want, so be HONEST.
Ex. I'm Joe from HCU and I'm trying to get into investment banking.

That line is okay to keep the same for every message, but I'd heavily recommend you not copy and paste the same format across many people; make each message personalized.
IB is a small community; people talk.

On that same line of thought, you want to personalize your message to each person, and try to find a point to connect with them on.
It can be something as simple as being from the same city or wanting to work in a city they live in. It shows you looked at their profile and did the bare minimum amount of homework.
ColdCraft is built to attempt this for you, but that shouldn't stop you from editing the message or feeding messages you wrote into the tool to make it write messages in your voice.

Last tip. FOLLOW UP.
Seriously, it's so underrated. Even if you wait a while and follow up with 50-100 people in one day. Anything simple will do "Just following up, would still love to chat if you have the chance!"
Send a maximum of three messages if there is no response, then stop. Space the messages 1-2 weeks apart.

There's more, but I want to keep this short. 
Good luck!
